Xuanying God of War
Dongsheng against the hands of the four gods of war
I have served the dragon girl
Someone with more power than my brother
What brings him here?
Xuance, this is
Why are you here?
Just to clean up some people who are disrespectful to the Dragon Temple
Xuanying God of War
Why are you here?
Bring the sword for the dragon girl
Lord of the Dragon Temple
Didn't it disappear for years without a trace?
Does Xuanyin War God mean?
The supreme dragon girl of the Dragon Temple is here
The subordinate rescue driver is late
Help is late
You
Dragon Girl
I can't explain the specific reason to you now.
Please also ask the dragon girl to quickly pull out the jade dragon sword
With the help of the Spirit of the Excalibur
Restore your strength and memory
So everything can be explained clearly.
Snow Shadow Ares
Are you mistaken?
He's just a lowly little tailor
How could it be the honor you speak of?